Add Security Monitoring integration (#9381)
DataDog/integrations-core: security_monitoring/README.md

# Agent Check: security_monitoring

## Overview

> This check in theory monitors [security_monitoring][1] through the Datadog Agent. However, the integration currently doesn't provide any checks, but only saved views.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration provides a logs saved view when the Security Monitoring product is enabled. There is no associated agent check.
```

## Setup

Follow the instructions below to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host. For containerized environments, see the [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][2] for guidance on applying these instructions.

### Installation

The security_monitoring check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package.
No additional installation is needed on your server.

### Configuration

1. Edit the `security_monitoring.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your security_monitoring performance data. See the [sample security_monitoring.d/conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.

2. [Restart the Agent][4].

### Validation

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][5] and look for `security_monitoring` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][6] for a list of metrics provided by this check.

### Service Checks

security_monitoring does not include any service checks.

### Events

> security_monitoring does not include any events.

Reviewer: I would remove all of this since it doesn't apply.

Author: The CI requires some of these subsections. I think the readme otherwise makes it clear that there are no checks provided.

Reviewer 2: Correct, some of the docs build can break if sections are missing from the integration readme.
